019fd2a6-db38-7920-9d56-6a8d34378e17 Okay, sort of message to all the maintainers of things that are individual languages. We're gonna separate them by DOI for discoverability purposes, because at some stage it would be nice if people could actually find this stuff. Currently, it's all, it requires significant digging, which is bad. We want people to find this. So you, for example, will make your own DOI in accordance with what the thread that I am linking here has found out about the way to structure that, for the language that you're working on, for the author that you're working on, and the work that you're working on. that, you will maintain that cleanly and independently, and you will use the tokens as necessary that are linked in that thread. You can find the file tree to it there. You will make it human-readable, you will make it clear, you will include, importantly, every and all decisions about translation, provenance, etc., in zips, so that people who are interested in your logic for how you translated anything can read the entire fucking provenance, your logbooks, etc., etc. That is important. That is the thing that is not something you need to front. The thing you front is obviously just the reader for the complete cumulative work that you've done so far. And in the case of things like SGA, what you do is you also have SGA 1 through X in the language, insofar as you have completed it, as individual readers beyond the cumulative global reader for the total work that you're working on. So, for example, for something like EGA and SGA, we don't do an individual DOI for the disparate sub-works. We do do the full work itself, but we do that separate per language. So same with the full corpus of Amminother, for example, we just do the full corpus of Amminother, but in each individual language, with all decisions about translation, all decisions in the logbook about typesetting, literally any decision ever made by the AI is in a zip with the decision tree provenance stuff, so that it can be completely audited by anyone. once work ias at a stage whjere individual works have these
