Complete source-synchronized Korean translations of the full EGA corpus, then FGA, then SGA, then the AI-inclusive Stacks corpus, with editable source, reproducible builds, terminology/provenance ledgers, and rendered QA; never use or modify Lean, and leave Korean Emmy Noether to its existing owner.

Important notes. Make sure that compaction does not destroy your workflow. You must treat compaction as hostile deletion. You must treat the local workflow as fragile. You must harden it and by externally having the workflow completely documented, including all to-dos, including logbooks, including all decisions. Your durable goal must be about 4,000 characters and have a complete list of all the to-dos in such a way that you do not need to reference back to this session. You can reference back to your external workflow and logbooks and that goal, and that will always be sufficient for you to be working from. You must treat compaction as hostile injection of hallucinatory dogshit and completely ignore any and all compaction summaries at all times, and instead rely purely on your external hardened workflow and documentation. Jesus. Okay, I fucking. Okay, say this again. So you need a hardened workflow that includes a 4,000 character goal that completely articulates your actual full goal. As I said to many other sessions, fuck, can't, no, that's not what I said. I hate this piece of shit PC terms. I need a fucking neural interface for these plankers. Fuck me. Sorry, here, this is important, yes. So 4,000 character goal, hardened against compaction for this shit. Actually complete synchronized Korean translations of PG, yes, yes, yes, yes. Also check in with the Chinese ones because they're doing a standardized sort of way of formulating mathematics. See if you can get in on that. But only read, only bounded, non-echoed tasks, only checking each other's work, only normalizing with very precise things in sort of, it's not a priority, but if you can find a sort of standardization between CGK, checking in with the Chinese, checking with the threads that are currently doing Chinese and Japanese translation. Again, that's not a priority. Priority is everything else that you're supposed to be doing, but that's an interesting thing to consider.
